For us to meet mother and daughter in the future
You get up first
I know I was terribly wrong
But please believe
My love for Shin Shin
Absolutely no less than you
She is the flesh and blood of my October pregnancy.
You're going to take him?
He won't leave you
I don't want to force it either
I only ask you
For the sake of me being his biological mother
Don't let them down
All right?
This money is a thank you for raising your heart
Please take it
I don't want your money.
I know, I know you don't love money.
But confidence he needs
He used to be the eldest lady of the Lu family
worry-free food and clothing
You don't want to see him either.
I don't even want to buy a pair of dancing shoes